Add documentation about AWS cross-account IAM use case (#414)
uswitch/kiam: docs/IAM.md

for this role and for there to be an entry in the Server role's trust policy.
Application roles will need to have a trust policy entry for this role, instead
of the cluster node role as noted above.

## Cross-Account IAM Roles

Cross-account access to resources in AWS with Kiam can be configured in multiple ways, simple setup requires specifiyng full role ARN (including account ID) from another account in the `iam.amazonaws.com/role` pod annotation. Same rules are valid for this IAM role - it needs to have `sts:AssumeRole` permissions from the Kiam server role.

If you need to provide cross-account access to multiple AWS accounts at once to single pod you will need to have additional IAM role in source AWS account with permissions to assume target IAM roles.

> Imagine next case scenario - service in the source account `AWS-source` requires access to S3 buckets in target accounts `AWS-target1` and `AWS-target2`. You are not allowed to assing multiple roles to single Pod with Kiam so you have to create service IAM role in the `AWS-source` account and assing it to the pod, this role must have permissions to assume roles in other accounts, for example with such inline policy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine next case scenario - service in the source account `AWS-source` requires access to S3 buckets in target accounts `AWS-target1` and `AWS-target2`. You are not allowed to pass multiple roles to single Pod with Kiam so you have to create service IAM role in the `AWS-source` account and passing it to the pod, this role must have permissions to assume roles in other accounts, for example with such inline policy:
```
